Add unnified logging system tests for macOS (#1392)
wazuh/wazuh-qa: docs/tests/integration/test_logcollector/index.md

Wazuh allows forwarding the events that are written in a monitored log file to a UNIX `named socket` 
through the `target` option in the `localfile` section of the configuration. These tests will check 
if the statistics of the forwarded events, which are in the file `wazuh-logcollector.state` are correct, 
verifying that the dropped events match with the reported ones.

#### Test macOS

> Wazuh macOS agent allows gather unnified logging system events. These tests ensure logcollector works correctly with this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wazuh macOS agent allows gathering unified logging system events. These tests ensure logcollector works correctly with this
```
